good morning it's october
20 2020 and it's a tuesday
here in l.a another heavy fog
rolled in very still
right now around 61 degrees
fahrenheit 16 celsius
sometimes we know someone or loves
someone
and warn them not to do
something that might get them in trouble
or not to go somewhere where they might
fall into trouble like
the blues song baby please don't go
many versions of this song
exist but in my mind the greatest
head and shoulders above the rest is by
the great
van the man morrison and the group them
from 1964-65
baby please don't go
should be going up to around 78 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
around 25 celsius
and by late morning this fog should burn
away
and we should be enjoying once again
those beautiful blue skies and golden
sunshine
all along the way everyone
have a great day